I'm Steve Carano with ask a real expert
this video answers going on to Paul he
says Steve I'm 5/8 210 pounds having
lifted in two years so I've gained some
weight now I'm lifting three days a week
and doing cardio five days a week
I eat clean during the day doing great
but man when I come home probably from
work or working out he says I get these
cravings I don't know what to do any
suggestions got a couple for you you are
probably creating a very large calorie
deficit trying to lose a lot of weight
which is admirable the problem is a lot
of people create too large calorie
deficit so then they become ravenous so
the first thing I'd like you to do is
get a calorie total go to calorie count
calm it's free and get a general idea of
how much you're eating total it up over
three or four days and take into
consideration liquids anything you
Dipple on get a calorie total second
thing I want you to remember is that
when somebody's hungry you can eat all
the fruit you want nobody ever got fat
on fruit third thing I want you to think
about is possibly lowering your fat
intake that will allow you to eat more
proteins and carbohydrates which will
satisfy you more so you couldn't eat
more without increasing your calories
and the last thing I want you to
remember is what I want everybody to
remember is that when you eat is not
that important as a matter of fact it's
irrelevant with regards to weight loss
or weight gain so if you have to back up
dinner a little bit so a lot of people
say man I eat at five o'clock and then I
work out and then I'm I'm hungry later
on if you want to eat after your workout
that's fine if you can back up dinner
eat and then go to the gym that's fine
it really makes no difference when you
eat with regards to weight gain or
weight loss because it's irrelevant
because weight loss or weight gain is a
24-hour seven-day-a-week event
tons of studies out there showing that
it doesn't matter when you eat because
our metabolism is running 24 hours a day
our calorie utilization is occurring our
calorie intake occurs so it's a move
average of what you take in and what you
do over days and weeks it's not one
event oh my god ate dinner at 10 o'clock
at night that's going to be converted
into fat that's such I can't
tell you so those are some suggestions
with getting an idea or getting a handle
on your cravings plus another big thing
that people do is they try to hold back
on their eating and then once they start
satisfying that craving they go bonkers
and they end up eating too much so eat
enough food to quell your hunger and
then if you have a craving for chocolate
or something sweet have that at the end
of the meal and incorporate it into your
calorie total that way you still get
your sweet you get satisfied but you've
quelled your hunger with good food I'm
Steve Carano train smart train hard love
your body